# Release Notes
## Release 0.9.3 (July 01, 2022)
### Features ###
  - Updated default global image tag to `2206`.
  - Added support for PingIntelligence.
  - Updated the Helm chart to support generating ServiceAccounts, Roles, and RoleBindings for a workload. These can be generated globally (one common to each workload) or individually for each workload. By default none will be generated.
    
    These can be controlled with the global.rbac (or {product}.rbac) section. To generate a common ServiceAccount usable by all workloads, use global.rbac.generateGlobalServiceAccount. Use rbac.generateServiceAccount to generate separate ServiceAccounts for individual workloads. Similarly, use global.rbac.generateGlobalRoleAndRoleBinding and rbac.generateRoleAndRoleBinding for creating a Role and RoleBinding.
    
    Set rbac.applyServiceAccountToWorkload to true to set the account on the Deployment or StatefulSet. The name of the ServiceAccount will be autogenerated unless the rbac.serviceAccountName field is set. The specific Role yaml can be provided in rbac.role.
    
    The Vault default has changed. The Vault serviceAccount will now default to the autogenerated account for the workload, instead of the previous default of "vault-auth". This can be overriden by setting the vault.hashicorp.annotations.serviceAccountName value.

   See the table with sample Helm chart value files found on the [Ping Identity Devops Portal](https://devops.pingidentity.com/deployment/deployHelm/) for an example.

  - Added a default empty global.labels section.
